1) Explain what is Terraform
2) Explain the workflow of Terraform
3) What are the all the other tools similar to terraform and why do prefer terraform over others
4) Secnario - What are the different resources that you have created using terraform 
5) Explain Providers in terraform
6) How do you bring resource which were not created using terraform under it's management
7) Explain statefile in terraform , how is it created , where is it located 
8) Secnario - what will you do if your statefile is deleted 
9) what are some keys feature of terraform
10) how do you delete unawanted resource using terraform
11) Explain terraform validate command 
12) Explain Modules in terraform
13) Explain lifecycle in terraform
14) Is terraform a Configuration management tool , What is the difference between terraform and other Configuration management tools
15) Secnario - You have 20 + resource running fine over a public (could be any GCP,AWS,Azure) and we want to destroy/delete 
               only a single resource using terraform is it possible to do and how do you do it 
16) How to preserve the key that you have created using terraform.
17) Secnario - You have stored the statefile in remote storage like Azure blob or AWS s3 and it acidentally got deleted , what will 
                happen if run terraform apply or terraform plan or any terraform command
18) Explain remote backed in terraform
19) What is state locking and how do you enable it ?
20) How do we provide variable value at runtime
21) Secnario - Lets say a company has multiple environment , how do you manage terraform code into/for those multiple environments
22) Explain terraform workspace and resuable modules 
23) Explain cons of terraform
24) what is a terraform resource and how do you define in it Configuration file
25) How do you manage access keys , passwords and sensitive infromation using terraform
26) Explain datasources in terraform
27) How do you use datasources to retrive infromation from external system , specially sensitive infromation 
28) Secnario - How to create a Dev,QA,Stagging and Production environment using terraform
29) Secnario - Lets say you are team 3 to 5 people working on same terraform project then how do you collaborate
30) How do you handel dependency between resources in terraform
31) How do you think is terraform platform agnostic , if yes why and if no then why
32) Explain provisioners in terraform
33) What are Terraform variables? How do you assign values to variables in Terraform?
34) What is the purpose of Terraform's count parameter?
35) How do you authenticate Terraform with cloud providers? 
36) Secnario - 4.	Resource Dependencies: You’re managing resources that depend on each other. 
                    How would you explicitly manage these dependencies in Terraform to ensure correct deployment order?
37) What is for_each in terraform? What is the difference between for_each and count ?

