1) What is Docker ?
2) What is difference between and Containerization and Virtualization
3) What is the difference between Docker Container and Virtual Machine 
4) Scenario - How would ensure that the dokers Containers restart automatically , 
              when the docker host is restarted
5) What is docker compose , where is it used (explain with a realworld use case)
6) What is Docker image and Docker Container , and what is the difference between these two 
7) Can you modify the existing docker image and Can I create a new docker from an existing image 
8) Explain Docker networks and its types 
9) Scenario - You have installed jenkins on a docker Container and it running fine , after few 
                days the container is restarted and now nothing inside jenkins is working , can 
                find out and explain what went wrong here
10) Explain docker volumes along with its types
11) How to enable data persistence in docker 
12) What could be possiable reasons of docker container not starting proprely and how to troubleshoot it 
13) Explain docker swarm
14) What is difference between docker swarm and kubernetes 
15) How to secure your docker containers and images and list all the best pratices 
16) What does scanning of docker images mean ? 
17) Explain Docker content trust
18) How do you check the health of the docker containers / Containerized application 
19) Explain Docker multistage build and why it is used , along with a real-world use case
20) Explain layers of a docker image
21) What are different type of deployment startergies and can you explain any of using docker
22) Epxlain different components of docker 
23) Are Docker container wirteable/editable ? if then how ?
24) What is mount in docker and explain its types 
25) Explain docker events 
26) What is maintainer in docker?
27) Explain the difference between CMD and ENTRYPOINT in docker 
28) Explain Docker lifecycle?
29) Explain difference between COPY and ADD in Docker
30) Can you isolate networking between the containers 
31) What is distroless images in docker
32) Scenario - As we know docker daemon is a single daemon process. which can a single point of failure,
               as if the docker daemon goes down for some reason all the applications will go down.
               What are some soultions for the above mentinoed problem
33) Scenario - If you are running too manny containers on a single host machine, you may experiance issues
               with the resorces constrains, this can result in slow performance as well as crashes.
               How do you deal with this problem
34) Scenario - How do you dockerize a java based application.(Extra points if you can provide a proper dockerfile). Provide a step by step 
               approach and also explain all the commands used.
35) Scenario - Docker daemon runs as a root user, which is a security threat. Any process running as a root can have adverse effect.
               When it is compromised for security reason , it can impact other application on the host as well, how do you deal with
               this problem. 



